Greetings, and welcome to the Coin Harbour digital asset exchange platform

We have prepared this short video as an introduction to our service and to show you around our platform.

In the future we will release other videos that go beyond Coin Harbour to discuss the broader crypto industry and markets. Please press the Subscribe button below to be notified of future videos.

To access the Coin Harbour website, type coin harbour dot com dot au in the browser address bar. Coin Harbour works will all popular internet browsers, including smart phones.

Once the website has loaded, it is a good idea to click on the padlock symbol on the address bar

Coin harbour has been developed to make access to the digital asset crypto markets easy, friendly and safe. Users can buy or sell crypto assets with a couple of mouse clicks.

Coin Harbour is more than an exchange, we also provide a "market maker" service so that customers can always and instantly buy or sell for a given market. We provide markets for all of the common crypto currencies and add new coins as they become popular.

There are also advanced market analysis, research and trading capabilities in Coin harbour for those who prefer to use them.

To provide the best support to customers, Coin harbour has a local help desk which is staffed by experts ready to assist your queries. Customers can phone to speak with our staff, chat online via social media or email us.

To access the Coin Harbour Chat Bot, click on the small balloon at the bottom right corner. Any chat messages sent will be received instantly by our staff and also logged with our help desk.

Important documents for customers, such as our Terms of Service, AML Policy, Privacy Policy and Complaints procedures are linked at the bottom of this page

Before depositing funds with Coin harbour your identity needs to verified. This is required to comply with AUSTRAC rules.

KYC means "Know your client", AML is "Anti-money laundering" and CTF is "counter-terrorism funding". It basically means that we need to identify customers properly and also report and suspect activity to AUSTRAC

The KYC process is completed online, and once your documents are ready for upload should only take a few minutes. We have a separate video that covers the customer KYC process.

Client funds are kept in separate and segregated bank accounts for your peace of mind.

We do not charge exchange trading or blockchain transaction fees, so there are no unexpected costs and trading is simple. We want to make using Coin harbour a fuss-free experience.

Thank you for joining us

Introduction - 51 seconds

----------------------------------

Greetings, and welcome to the CoinHarbour cryptocurrency exchange.

We have prepared this short video as an introduction to our business and the services we provide. Please press the "subscribe" button below to be notified of future videos.

The CoinHarbour mission is to make access to digital asset cryptomarkets easy, friendly, and safe. Users can buy or sell crypto assets with a couple of mouse clicks. CoinHarbour works will all popular internet browsers, including smartphones.

CoinHarbour is licensed in Australia as a digital asset exchange and money remitter. All assets are held in safe custody on a one-to-one basis.

Our help desk is staffed by experts ready to assist with your queries; customers can phone to speak with our staff, chat online via social media, or email us.

Our platform - 51 seconds

----------------------------------

Greetings, and welcome to the CoinHarbour cryptocurrency exchange.

Our exchange has been engineered to offer an easy and friendly experience for members; It's simple to navigate use, while having advanced features such as portfolio management.

Our service is based on the latest third-generation cryptocurrency exchange platform technology. In addition to popular blockchains such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, Coin Harbour has advanced features, such as multi-chain coins and "web3" peer-to-peer integration.

