Account Security Best Practices

10 Coinstash Account Security Best Practices


Security is and always will be, Coinstash’s number one priority. 



We’re deeply committed to security and data privacy, and our team works tirelessly to protect your information and assets.



However, keeping your account secure is a shared responsibility, where users also need to practice good security habits. Here are some simple ways you can add more protection to your Coinstash account.

10 Coinstash Account Security Best Practices
1. Always use two-factor authentication (2FA)


Activating 2FA is the most important step towards securing your Coinstash account. 



2FA is an additional layer of security that requires users to verify they are the owner of the account before accessing their account.



Coinstash provides 2FA via your authenticator app (such as Google Authenticator). With 2FA enabled on your account, you'll need to provide a unique verification code to sign in and make withdrawals.



If you don’t set up 2FA through an authenticator app, by default we send a 6-digit email code for all withdrawals.

2. Always use strong and unique passwords 


Use a password that is long, complex, and unique to your Coinstash account. 



Your password should be over eight characters long and include a combination of uppercase, lowercase letters and special characters. 



Avoid using easily guessable information, such as your name or date of birth. Also, avoid using the same password across multiple accounts, as this can increase your risk of a data breach. It’s also important to update your password periodically. 



3. Use a secure password manager
Keeping track of multiple passwords across different apps and devices can be difficult.



Using a password manager can help you generate, store, and manage your passwords safely. Popular password managers include 1Password or Dashlane. These services have sophisticated encryption mechanisms to make password storage more secure.



4. Use a unique email address


We recommend using a unique email for your Coinstash account to minimise the risk of bad actors stealing your sensitive data. 



This ensures that the email address has not been previously leaked to spammers or hackers via another entity’s mailing-list breaches.



Additionally, ensure that your email address is secure and that you are the only person who has access to it.

5. Set unique pattern locks and passcodes across your devices


Having different strong pattern locks for all of your other apps and devices can prevent hackers from gaining access to every account you have in case one of them gets compromised. 



Use a strong pattern lock or passcode and avoid using easily guessable information, such as your date of birth or phone number.



Recommended Reading: 5 Common Crypto Scams and How to Avoid Them

6. Complete identity verification for your Coinstash account


Completing identity verification for your Coinstash account can help increase your account security. It provides an additional layer of authentication and can help prevent unauthorised access to your account. Additionally, it can help you comply with our regulatory requirements.



7. Keep your software and apps updated


All of your software and apps are constantly updating and improving, with regular bug and security fixes. Make sure you install updates as soon as they become available, and avoid using outdated or unsupported software and apps. 



This goes for all of your apps and your phone operating system; not just the Coinstash app.

 

8. Keep your devices clean
There are many types of malware that can be used to steal your sign-in credentials and gain unauthorised access to your account.



To protect your devices from these types of threats, consider using the latest version of anti-virus protection and scanning your device regularly. Practice safe web browsing habits and never click on suspicious links or download suspicious programs.



9. Be mindful of what you share online


Be mindful of what you share online, especially on social media platforms.



The more information you put out there, the more data for an attacker to target you. Don’t make yourself an easier target. Where possible, avoid sharing personal information, such as your full name, address, date of birth or phone number.



10. Never share your Coinstash account credentials 
Never share your Coinstash account credentials including 2FA codes with anyone, even if they are your family and friends.



Keep your account information private and secure, and avoid using the same login information across multiple accounts.



Recommended Reading: 5 Crypto Risk Management Strategies 

Need help? Contact our support team
If at any time you have an account security concern or question, please do not hesitate to contact the Coinstash Support team. 



As a rule of thumb, remember that Coinstash staff will never:



- Ask for your password, 2-step verification codes, or email access;

- Ask you to install remote sign-in or remote support software on your computer;

- Ask you to send money for resolving issues with your account; or

- Direct message you on social media channels